reference/performance: correct replica selection policy of follower read (#1864)
pingcap/docs: reference/performance/follower-read.md

### Follower replica selection strategy

> Because the Follower Read feature guarantees linearizability without affecting Snapshot Isolation, TiDB adopts the round-robin strategy to select the follower replica. Currently, for the coprocessor requests, the granularity of the Follower Read load balancing policy is at the connection level. For a TiDB connection on a specific Region, the selected follower is fixed, and is switched only when it fails or the scheduling policy is adjusted. Conversely, for the non-coprocessor requests, such as a point query, the granularity of the Follower Read load balancing policy is at the transaction level. For a TiDB transaction on a specific Region, the selected follower is fixed, and is switched only when it fails or the scheduling policy is adjusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Follower Read feature guarantees linearizability without affecting Snapshot Isolation, TiDB adopts the round-robin strategy to select the follower replica. Currently, for the coprocessor requests, the granularity of the Follower Read load balancing policy is at the connection level. For a TiDB client connected to a specific Region, the selected follower is fixed, and is switched only when it fails or the scheduling policy is adjusted. 

However, for the non-coprocessor requests, such as a point query, the granularity of the Follower Read load balancing policy is at the transaction level. For a TiDB transaction on a specific Region, the selected follower is fixed, and is switched only when it fails or the scheduling policy is adjusted.
```
The meaning of "conversely" does not fit very well here. Suggest changing it to "however".
